Glass Spades Privacy Policy

Last Update: May 30, 2021

Welcome to Glass Spades Privacy Policy

Glass Spades ("Glass Spades") cares about the privacy of its users and
visitors. This privacy policy("Privacy Policy") describes how Glass
Spades and any of its affiliations("Glass Spades", "we", "our", or
"us") collect, use, and share your personal information. It also
provides an explanation of the data rights that you may have in that
Personal Information. The Privacy Policy applies to all Glass Spades
users, including unregistered visitors, registered users, and premium
users (collectively, "Users", "you", or "your"). The scope extends to
all our services which include our websites(www.glassspades.com and
any of its subdomains, the "Website"), web applications("Glass Spades
Apps"), and related services(collectively, the "Services"). This
Privacy Policy is not intended to override the terms of any contract
you have with us, nor any rights you may have under other applicable
data privacy laws.

Please read this Privacy Policy prior to accessing any of our
services. Ensure you understand all of our practices in relation to
your Personal Information. If after fully reading and understanding
the Privacy Policy you are opposed to any of our practices, please
leave and discontinue all use of our services.

We welcome any questions and concern regarding this policy and you can
reach out to us through our contacts.

2. Personal Information we Collect.

2.1. User Information.

To provide you the services, we must collect Personal Information
relating to an identified or identifiable natural person("Personal
Information"). We collect Personal Information you provide from use of
our Services, and from other sources. Below are the types of personal
information we collect:

  1. Information you provide us.
  When you register for our services, use any of our services and/or
  when you contact us directly by any communication channel, you may
  provide us Personal Information, such as name, email address, phone
  number, payment information, information you include in your
  communications with us and with other users on our platform, and
  with Personal Information contained in scanned identification
  documents.

  2. Information we collect when you use the Services.
  When you visit and use any of our Services, we may collect usage
  Personal Information such as Users' browsing and clickstream
  activities, session heatmaps and scrolls, non-identifying Personal
  Information regarding the User's or Visitor's device, operating
  system, internet browser, screen resolution, internet service
  provider, referring/exit pages, date/time stamps etc.

  3. Information we collect from other sources.
  We may receive information about you from third-party sources such
  as:
    i) Security providers, fraud detection and prevention providers to
  help screen out users associated with fraud.
    ii) Social media platforms, when you login or sign up using your
  social media account, we may receive Personal Information from that
  service i.e. your basic profile information.
    iii) Advertising and marketing partners in order to monitor,
  manage and measure our ad campaigns.

3. Why collect Personal Information.

We use your personal information for the following purposes:
   1) To effectively provide and efficiently operate the Services.
   2) To progressively develop, customize, expand and improve our
   Services based on Users' common and personal preferences,
   experiences and difficulties.
   3) To provide available customer assistance and technical support.
   4) To be able to provide our Users with general or personalized
   service related notices and promotional messages (Section 8).
   5) To help us expand and analyze our records to identify new
   customers.
   6) To facilitate, sponsor and offer certain events and promotions,
   determine participants' eligibility, and monitor performance.
   7) To analyze our performance and marketing activities.
   8) To create aggregated statistical data and other aggregated
   and/or inferred information, which we or our business partners may
   use to provide or improve our respective services.
   9) To, upon your request, provide you with professional assistance.
   10) To enhance our data security and fraud prevention capabilities.
   11) To comply with any applicable laws and regulations.

4. How we share your personal information.
We may share your Personal Information with service providers(or
otherwise allow them access to it) in the following manners and
instances:

4.1. Third Party Service Providers. Glass Spades may partner with
selected service providers whose services and solutions complement,
facilitate and enhance our own. These include cloud services,
communication and content delivery networks(CDNs), data and
cybersecurity services, billing and payment processing services,
domain name registrars, fraud detection and prevention services, web
analytics, email distribution and monitoring services, performance
measurement, data optimization and marketing services, content
providers, and our legal and financial advisors(collectively, "Third
Party Service Provider(s)").

We may share the following categories of Personal Information with
Third Party Service Providers for business purposes:
  1) Identifiers, including name, alias, unique personal identifier,
  IP address, online identifier, email address, account name or other
  similar identifiers.
  2) Commercial information, for example regarding products or
  services purchased, obtained or considered.

4.2. Law Enforcements, Legal Requests and Duties.
Glass Spades may disclose or otherwise allow access to your Personal
Information pursuant to a legal request such as subpoena, search
warrant, court order or in compliance with the applicable law, if we
have good faith belief that the law requires us to do so, with or
without notice to you.

4.3. Protecting Rights and Safety.
We will share your Personal Information if we believe in good faith
that this will help protect the rights, property safety of Glass
Spades, any of our Users, our Users-of-Users, or any member of the
general public, with or without notice to you.

4.4. Social Media Features and Framed Pages.
Our Services (will)include certain Social Media features, widgets and
single sign on features such as "Facebook Connect", "Google Sign in",
or other interactive programs ("Social Media Features"). These Social
Media Features may collect Personal Information such as your IP
address and which page you are visiting on our Website and may set a
cookie to enable them to function properly. Social Media Features are
either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our
services. Your interactions with these third parties' social media
features are governed by their policies not ours.

4.5. Connection With a Change in Corporate Control.
Should Glass Spades or any of its affiliates undergo any change in
control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of
substantially all of its assets, your Personal Information may be
shared with the parties involved in such event.

4.6. Upon Your Further Direction.
Glass Spades may also share your Personal Information with third
parties for other purposes upon your further direction or with your
explicit approval.

5. Where we store your Personal Information.

5.1. Users' Personal Information may be stored in data centers located
all over the world. This is as deemed necessary for proper delivery of
our Services and/or as may be required by law.

Glass Spades' affiliated and Third-Party Service Providers are
committed to keeping your Personal Information protected and secure,
in accordance with industry standards and legal requirements.

6. Use of cookies and other third-party technologies.
We and our Third-Party Service Providers use cookies and other similar
technologies("Cookies") in order for us to provide our Services and to
ensure they perform properly, to analyze our performance and marketing
activites, and to personalize your experience.

Please note that we do not change our practices in response to a "Do
Not Track" signal in the HTTP header from a mobile or browser
application. However, most browsers will allow you to control cookies,
including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them. You
may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you
may choose to block cookies using your browser.

7. Communications from Glass Spades.
7.1. Promotional Messages
We may, at times, use your Personal Information to send you
promotional content and messages by email, text messages,
notifications, marketing calls and other similar forms of
communication from Glass Spades or our partners acting on behalf of
us.

If you do not wish to receive such promotional messages, you may
notify Glass Spades at any time.

8. Your rights in relation to your Personal Information.
We agree that it is vital you have control over your Personal
Information. We are therefore taking steps to enable you to request
access to, receive a copy of, update, amend, delete, or limit the use
of your Personal Information.

Before fulfilling your request, we may ask you for additional
information in order to verify your identity and for security
purposes. We reserve the right to charge a fee where permitted by
law (e.g if your request is unfounded or excessive).

Please note that permanently deleting your Glass Spades account erases
all your Glass Spades information from Glass Spades' databases. After
completing this process, you can no longer use any of your Glass
Spades services, your account and all its data will be removed
permanently, and Glass Spades will not be able to restore your account
or retrieve your data in the future. If you contact our support
channels in the future, the system will not recognize your account and
support agents will not be able to locate the deleted account.

9. Questions and complaints
If you have any questions or concerns about our collection, use or
disclosure of Personal Information, if you believe we have not
complied with this Privacy Policy or applicable data protection laws,
please contact us -- Our details are in the contact section.

Our Team will investigate the complaint and determine whether a breach
has occurred and what action, if any, to take. We take any complaint
seriously and will make reasonable efforts to resolve your complaint
promptly and in accordance with applicable law.

10. Data retention
We may retain your Personal Information for as long as your User
Account is active, as indicated in this Privacy Policy, or as
otherwise needed to provide you with our Services.

We may continue to retain your Personal Information after you
deactivate your User Account and/or cease to use any particular
Services, as reasonably necessary to comply with our legal
obligations, to resolve disputes regarding our Users or their
Users-of-Users, prevent fraud and abuse, enforce our agreements and/or
protect our legitimate interests.

11. Security
Glass Spades has implemented security measures designed to protect the
Personal Information you share with us. Among other things, we offer
HTTPS secure access to most areas of our Services. We also regularly
monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks, and
regularly seek new ways to further enhance the security of our
Services and protection of our Users' privacy.

Regardless of all the measures we take, we cannot and do not guarantee
absolute protection and security of your Personal Information, or any
other information you upload, publish or otherwise share with Glass
Spades or anyone else. We highly encourage you to set strong passwords
for your User Account and avoid sharing any sensitive Personal
Information of which you believe its exposure could cause you
substantial or irreparable harm. Furthermore, since certain areas of
our Services could be less secure than others, and since email and
instant messaging are not recognized as secure forms of communication,
we request and encourage you not to share any Personal Information on
any of these areas or via any of these methods.

12. Third-Party Websites
Our Services may contain links to other websites or services. We are
not responsible for such websites' or services' privacy practices. We
encourage you to be vigilant when you leave our Services and to read
the privacy statements of each and every website and service you visit
before providing your Personal Information. This Privacy policy does
not apply these linked third party websites and services.

13. Updates and interpretation.
We may update this Privacy Policy as required by applicable law and to
reflect changes to our Personal Information Practices. If we make any
changes that we deem as "material" (at our good faith discretion), we
will notify you (using one of the notification methods mentioned
earlier) prior to the change becoming effective. In relation to any
updated Privacy Policy, we will, as required by any applicable law,
notify you, seek you consent and/or take any other measures. We
encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest
information in our privacy practices. Unless otherwise stated, our
most current Privacy Policy applies to all the Personal Information
that we have about you and across all our Services.

14. Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or wish to
exercise any of your rights as describe earlier in sections 8 and 9,
please refer to those sections or contact us. We will attempt to
resolve any complaints regarding the use of your Personal Information
in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

You may also contact us by email at:
    glassspades@gmail.com
