Glass Spades Terms of Use

Last Update: May 30, 2021

Welcome to Glass Spades' Terms of Use.

These Terms of Use ("Terms") list important legal terms that apply to
anyone who visits our website or uses our Services. The Terms
are necessary to protect both you and Glass Spades("we" or "us"), and
to provide an enjoyable experience to anyone involved. Glass Spades
offers a range of services and features including the website
("Services")and part of the terms below may not be applicable to some
specific services you use.

By registering and account, clicking, or tapping any button or box
marked "accept", "agree" or "OK"(or a similar term), or by using our
Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms and any chages to
it. References to "you" and "your" in the Terms mean both the
individual using the Services and to an Organization (defined below).

THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS A MANDATORY ARBITRATION PROVISION THAT, AS
DESCRIBED IN SECTION 16 BELOW, REQUIRES USE OF ARBITRATION ON AN
INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES, RATHER THAN COURT PROCEEDINGS,
OR CLASS ACTIONS OR CLASS ARBITRATIONS.

You affirm that you are of legal age to use our Services. If you are
accessing or using the Services on behalf of, or for the benefit of,
an entity (an organization), then you are agreeing to these Terms on
behalf of yourself and the Organization, and you represent that you
have the authority to do so.

1. Changes

We may change the Terms by notifying you by any reasonable means,
including posting the revised Terms through the Services. The "Last
Update" legend shows when the Terms were last changed.

Subject to applicable data privacy laws, we may, at any time without
liability:
  a) modify or discontinue all or part of the Services;

  b) charge, modify, or waive any fees required to use the services;

2. License to use the Services

We grant you a limited, revocable and non-exclusive license to use the
Services and we provide the Services for your personal use only unless
we agree otherwise. The Services, and all its elements, are owned by
us or licensed to us by third parties. We and such third-party
licensors retain all right, title, and interest in the Services,
including patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret rights
therein.

3. Registration; User Credentials

You may have to register with us to the Services. We may reject, or
require that you change any of the credentials that you provide to us
in registering. You are responsible for the security of your
credentials and all actions associated with them. You must promptly
notify us of any confidentiality breach or unauthorized use of your
credentials.

4. Information Collected Through the Services.

Client Data("Client Data") means any information related to former,
current or prospective clients of Glass Spades, or information related
to you that is uploaded to the Services.

You promise that:
  a) you have complied with and will continue to comply with all laws
  applicable to any information you provide or access through the
  Services including but not limited to Client Data;

  b) such information is and will remain accurate and complete, and
  you will maintain and update the information as needed;

  c) you have all necessary rights and permissions to authorize the
  processing of such information under this agreement.

Privacy Policy(https://glassspades.com/privacy-policy). You agree that
the Services may collect, transmit, and process data as described in
the Glass Spades Privacy Policy, as such policy may be updated over
time.

5. Your Conduct.

You must not:

 - Post, transmit or make available any materials that are or may be:
   a) threatening, harassing, degrading, hateful or intimidating, or
   otherwise fail to respect the rights of others;
   b) defamatory, libelous, fraudulent or otherwise tortious;
   c) obscene, indecent, pornographic or otherwise objectionable;
   d) protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret, right of
   publicity or privacy or any other proprietary right, without the
   express prior written consent of the applicable owner.

 - Post, transmit or otherwise make available any virus, worm, Trojan
   horse, time bomb, spyware or other computer code, file or program
   that is potentially harmful or invasive or intended to damage or
   hijack the operation of, or to monitor the use of, any hardware,
   software or equipment("Virus").

 - Link, integrate, or provide access to the Services or related
   infrastructure without Glass Spades' prior explicit permission.

 - Use the Services in any way or for any purpose that is unlawful,
   fraudulent, or otherwise tortious.

 - Impersonate someone else in relation to you activities on the
   Services.

 - Transmit any spam, chain letters or other unsolicited
   communications.

 - Harvest or collect information about users of the Services.

 - Interfere with the operation or content of the Services, or the
   servers or networks used to make the Services available, or violate
   any requirement, procedure or policy of such servers or networks.

 - Inhibit any other person from using the Services.

 - Reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, create derivative works of,
   sell, rent, lease, loan, timeshare, distribute or otherwise
   exploit any portion of the Services.

 - Reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any portion of the
   Services.

 - Remove or alter any copyright, trademark or other proprietary
   rights notices from the Services.

 - Frame or mirror any portion of the Services, or incorporate any
   portion of the Services into any product or services.

 - Systematically download or store Services content.

 - Tamper with or circumvent any security technology associated with
   the Services.

 - Use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application or other
   manual or automatic device to retrieve, index, "scrape", "data
   mine" or otherwise gather Services content (including Submissions),
   or reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or
   presentation of the Services, without our prior written consent.

We may monitor your use of the Services to determine compliance with
the Terms. We may remove or refuse any data or material included in
the services, in whole or in part, for any reason. We may disclose
information regarding your access to and use of the Services, and the
circumstances surrounding such access and use, to anyone for any
reason or purpose.

6. Third Party Materials

Some of the Services' functionality may include third-party materials
or allow for the routing or transmission of such Third Party
Materials, including via links. By using such functionality, you are
directing us to access, route and transmit to you the applicable Third
Party Materials.

We do not endorse, and make no representations or warranties related
to, any aspect of the Third Party Materials. Your use of any Third
Party Materials is at your own risk and subject to any additional
terms, conditions, and policies applicable to such Third Party
Materials (such as terms of service or privacy policies of the
providers of such Third Party Materials)(the "Third Party Terms"). You
are solely responsible for compliance with such Third Party Terms. We
have no obligation to monitor any Third Party Materials, and we may
block or disable access to any Third Party Materials(in whole or in
part) through the Services at any time.

7. Transactions

We may give you the ability to purchase products or services through
the Services("Transaction"). In order to make a Transaction, you may
be asked to supply information, such as your credit card number and
its expiration date, and you billing address. You promise that you
have the right to use the credit card you use or submit in connection
with a Transaction, and you grant to us the right to provide such
information to third parties for purposes of facilitating
Transactions. Verification of information may be required prior to the
acknowledgment or completion of any Transaction.

We may, with or without prior notice,
  a) limit or discontinue access to any product or service;

  b) impose conditions on the honoring of any coupon, discount or
  similar promotion;

  c) prevent any use from making any Transaction;

  d) refuse to provide any user with any product, or service.

Unless otherwise specifically stated, Transactions are final,
non-cancellable, and non-refundable. You must pay all charges incurred
by you or on your behalf at the prices in effect when such charges are
incurred. Additionally, you are responsible for any taxes applicable
to your Transactions.

8. Submissions

Users may make available information, data and materials through or in
connection with the Services(each a "Submission"), including through
the Services' interactive features. We have the right to remove,
screen, edit or reinstate any Submissions, including reviews, in our
sole discretion and without notice to you.

If you provide to us any ideas, proposals, suggestions or other
materials ("Feedback"), such Feedback will be deemed a Submission and
you hereby acknowledge and agree that such Feedback is not
confidential, and that your provision of such Feedback is gratuitous,
unsolicited and without restriction, and does not place us under any
fiduciary or other obligation.

9. License

As between you and us, you retain ownership of your Submissions,
exclusive of any visual interfaces, designs, aggregated data that is
not identified with an individual, or other elements of the
Services. For each Submission, you grant us an unlimited, worldwide,
royalty-free, fully paid-up, non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable,
transferable and fully sublicensable licensee, without additional
consideration to you or any third party, to reproduce, distribute,
perform and display (publicly or otherwise), create derivative works
of, adapt, modify and otherwise use, analyze and exploit such
Submission (provided that our use and other processing of Personal
Information as defined in the Privacy Policy does not violate the
Privacy Policy), in any format or media now known or later developed,
and for any purpose (including promotional purposes, such as
testimonials).

You promise that you have all rights necessary to grant the licenses
granted in the Terms, and that your Submissions are complete and
accurate, and are not fraudulent, tortious or in violation of any
applicable law or any right of any third party. You further
irrevocable waive any "moral rights" or other rights with respect to
attribution of authorship or integrity of materials related to each
Submission that you may have under any applicable law under any legal
theory.


10. Glass Spades' Proprietary Rights.

We and our suppliers own the Services, which are protected by
proprietary rights and laws including our trade names, trademarks
service marks and logos. All trade names, trademarks, service marks,
logos, copyrightable works and other content, information and
materials on or made available through the Services that are not owned
by us are the property of their respective owners. You may not use our
trade names, trademarks, service marks or logos in connection with any
product or service that is not ours, or in any manner that is likely
to cause confusion. Nothing contained on the Services should be
construed as granting any right to use any trade names, trademarks,
service marks, logos, copyrightable works or other content,
information and materials without the express prior written consent of
the owner.

11. Disclaimer of Warranties

THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY
KIND AND WE DO NOT PROVIDE ANY WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE FREE
FROM ERRORS OR INTERRUPTION. YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN
RISK. THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY WARRANTIES THAT CANNOT BE
EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

12. Limitation of Liability

NEITHER WE NOR OUR AFFILIATES AND ANY RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS,
EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES, REPRESENTATIVES, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS AND
SERVICE PROVIDERS (COLLECTIVELY, THE "AFFILIATED ENTITIES") WILL BE
LIABLE FOR:
  A) ANY LOST PROFITS, REVENUES OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
  CONSEQUENTIAL, COST OF COVER, OF PUNITIVE DAMAGES; OR

  B) AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF ALL AFFILIATED ENTITIES, WHETHER IN
  CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, EXCEEDING THE GREATER OF (i) THE TOTAL
  AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO US IN THE 12 MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE EVENT
  GIVING RISE TO THE CAUSE OF ACTION FOR DAMAGES, (ii) KES. 1000.

YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SERVICES
IS TO STOP USING THE SERVICES. ALL LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY OF ANY
KIND ARE MADE ON BEHALF OF BOTH US AND THE AFFILIATED ENTITIES, AND
THEIR RESPECTIVE SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS.

13. Indemnity

You will defend, indemnify and hold harmless us and the Affiliated
Entities, and their respective successors and assigns, from and
against all claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses,
costs, expenses and fees(including attorneys' fees and expenses)
arising our of or relating to:
  a) your use of, or activities in connection with, the Services
  (including all Submissions); and
  b) any violation or alleged violation of these Terms by you.

14. Termination

These Terms are effective until terminated. We may terminate or
suspend your use of the Services at any time and without prior notice,
for any reason, including if we believe that you have violated or
acted inconsistently with these Terms. Upon any such termination or
suspension, your right to use the Services will immediately cease, and
we may, without liability to you or any third party, immediately
deactivate or delete your credentials, Submissions and all associated
materials, without any obligation to provide further access to such
materials. Subject to the limitations and other provisions of these
Terms: a) the representations and warranties of the parties contained
herein will survive the expiration or termination of these Terms; and
b) any provision that, in order to give proper effect to its intent,
should survive such expiration and termination, will survive the
expiration of termination of these Terms for the period of time
necessary to give proper effect to the intent of the provision.

15. Governing Law & Jurisdiction; Class Action Waiver.

The Glass Spades Terms, the rights and remedies provided hereunder,
and any and all claims and disputes related hereto and/or to the
Services, their interpretation, or the breach, termination or validity
thereof, the relationships which result from or pursuant to the Glass
Spades Terms, or any related transaction or purchase, shall be
governed by, construed under and enforced in all respects solely and
exclusively in accordance with the internal substantive laws of the
Republic of Kenya, without respect to its conflict of laws principles.

Any and all such claims and disputes shall be brought in, and you
hereby consent to them being decided exclusively by, a court of
competent jurisdiction located in Nairobi, Kenya. The application of
the United Nations Convention of Contracts for the International Sale
of Goods is hereby expressly excluded.

Subject to any applicable law, all disputes between you and Glass
Spades shall only be resolved on an individual basis and you shall not
have the right to bring any claim against Glass Spades as a plaintiff
or a member of a class, consolidated or representative actions (or any
other legal proceedings conducted by a group or by representatives on
behalf of others).

16. Information or Complaints.

If you have a question or concern regarding the Services, please send
and email to glassspades@gmail.com. Please note that email
communications are not necessarily secure. Accordingly, you should not
include personal or payment information or other sensitive information
in your email correspondence with us.

17. Miscellaneous.

The Terms do not, and will not be construed to, create any
partnership, joint venture, employer-employee, agency or
franchisor-franchisee relationship between you and us.

If any provision of these Terms is found to be unlawful, void or for
any reason unenforceable, that provision will be deemed severable from
these Terms and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any
remaining provision.

You may not assign, transfer, or sublicense any
or all of your rights or obligations under this Agreement without our
express prior written consent. We may assign, transfer or sublicense
any or all our rights or obligations under these Terms without
restriction.

No waiver by either party of any breach or default under
this Agreement will be deemed to be a waiver of any other breach or
default.

Any heading, caption or section title contained herein is for
convenience only, and in no way defined or explains any section or
provision.

All terms defined in the singular will have the same meanings when
used in the plural, where appropriate and unless otherwise specified.

Any use of the term "including" or variations thereof in these Terms
will be construed as if followed by the phrase "without limitation".

These Terms, including any terms and conditions incorporated herein
and any addenda hereto, is the entire agreement between you and us
regarding its subject matter, and supersedes any and all prior or
contemporaneous written or oral agreements or understandings between
you and us relating such subject matter.

Notices to you (including notices of changes to these Terms) may be
made via posting to the Services or by email (including in each case
via links) to the most recent email address that you have provided to
us.

Without limitation, a printed version of these Terms and of any notice
given in electronic form will be admissible in judicial or
administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms to
the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business
documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed
form.

We will not be responsible for any failure to fulfill any obligation
due to any cause beyond our reasonable control.
